Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Okay. Don't do that over
there, don't do that.
Stop. Stop.
Kids.
- Ms. JoAnn?
- Oh, yeah?
- It's all fixed.
- Oh. Okay!
And here you go.
- What's this?
- My invoice.
Your invoice?
Yeah.
Terrance, this is a church.
I know. And I did a lot of work.
Well, but you need to do
something good for the Lord.
Well, the Lord said "if you
don't work, you don't eat."
Now Ms. JoAnn, you know
I looked out for you.
I gave you a steep discount.
[MUTTERS] That ain't steep enough.
You know we're struggling around here.
I'm sorry, Ms. JoAnn, but
I need to get paid.
Well, maybe I can pray for you.
All right. Well, you do
that, and then pay me.
Oh. Okay.
Okay. Ooh, okay.
Ms. JoAnn.
You know, the pastor would
really appreciate you.
Yes, and I know, and I would
really appreciate getting paid.
Okay.
Such a handsome man.
Why are you so hard up for money?
[SCOFFS] Excuse me?
Well, as good-looking as you are,
I'm sure it'd be easy to
find yourself a sugar mama.
If you were lookin' for one...
[LAUGHS] Oops!
Ohh...
Are you lookin'? Are you lookin'?
Are you lookin'?
No, Ms. JoAnn.
- I am not.
- Oh. I was just sayin'.
I did all that work for the Paynes
and they still haven't paid me.
What? They haven't paid you yet?
- No.
- Oh, that's horrible.
Tell me about it.
Well, why not?
They said they're trying to get a loan.
Oh. Well, that will take time.
Yeah, time that I don't have.
I'll get you paid.
- Thank you, Ms. JoAnn.
- Sure.
Let me just go talk to the treasurer.
- Okay.
- Oops!
- I'll get it.
- Oh.
- I'll get it. I'll get it.
- Yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, you get it, you...
Ooh...
You can get it.
Ow!
I mean, that thing... you can get it.
Yeah, it!
What is she talking about?
- Hi.
- How are you?
- Good.
You look good.
Thank you. [LAUGHS]
Aren't you gonna get it?
Oh. Oh.
What was that?
I just picked my pencil up.
You know, you got to
bend from the knees.
You don't want to hurt your back.
Right.
Safety first! Heh.
Especially for a pencil.
Okay. [LAUGHS]
Look, Nyla, I'm just gonna
come out and say this.
What?
I would really like to take you out.
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
- Take me out?
- Yeah.
Like I told you before,
I have a boyfriend.
- Sorry.
- What?
What are you doing?
Oh, I'm just...
- just had to get my clipboard.
- Okay.
- You're boyfriend's name is Kelly...
- Uh, Kelsy...
- Kendrick?
Nah, that ain't it.
Uh...
It's Kendrick.
Oh, okay.
But, uh,
are you into him?
Yes, I am.
Mm.
So, thanks. But...
No, thanks.
I see.
I mean, it's not that I don't think
you're a nice guy or anything.
It's just that...
Just what?
I'm spoken for.
- Yeah, okay.
- Mm-hmm.
All right.
But, thanks.
No, no, no, you know, thank you,
for the easy letdown.
My ego's not crushed too much.
- I mean...
- Oh, give me a break.
I mean, I've been hurt before...
Probably gonna be hurt again...
Okay, all right.
Okay, you just want...
Are you fishing for a compliment?
Look, as sexy as you are,
I'm sure you have a lot of women, okay?
You're good.
So...
You think I'm sexy?
JOANN: Yeah! Hell yeah!
Ms. JoAnn?
Let 'em cover up their ears.
The children.
Let 'em cover up their ears!
Anyway, as I was saying,
you think I'm sexy?
Um...
Not with that voice.
Sorry. [LAUGHS]
It sounded a little creepy.
Just a little bit.
- Yeah.
- [LAUGHS]
But, no, I don't have anyone right now.
What? That's a sin.
And a shame.
[SIGHS]
- Don't mind her.
- I-I never do.
Yeah.
But seriously, that won't
take long because,
um, hanging around this church
you meet a lot of eligible women, so...
Yeah, there's one right back here!
[LAUGHS]
You know, honestly,
there's only one woman
that I want to meet.
JOANN: Like I said, I'm back here!
- She got ears everywhere.
- Yeah, she does.
But Terrance, for real,
do those lines work?
What lines? I'm not giving you lines.
Yes, you are. Those lame lines.
Those are not lame lines.
Look, I had worked on them.
- I mean...
- Oh, yeah, girl.
[LAUGHS]
Look, I'm just trying to
tell you that I like you.
You don't know me.
But I'd like to.
Well, I'm sorry.
Okay, okay.
All right. Let me ask you this.
All right?
Let's just say that you
weren't with, uh, Kelly.
Kendrick.
Yeah.
Let's say that you weren't with him.
Would you consider it?
There's no need for us to discuss that
because I'm with him.
But if you weren't?
- Terrance.
- No, come on.
You know, just answer my question.
- Not today.
- Satisfy my cur...
- Oh.
- Sorry.
Hey, now.
Yeah, I got that effect on women, baby.
Okay, I'm just a little dizzy.
- I need to sit down.
- Okay, here.
You want me to sit in this little thing?
Just sit down.
[SIGHS]
- You need to go to the doctor?
- No, it's okay.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, I'm fine. I just...
I've just been doing a lot.
I need to rest. That's all.
Okay. Well, here, I'll take you home.
- Come on.
- No, no, no, no, no. I need to work.
- No, you need to go home and rest.
- No, it's okay. I'm fine.
No, I'll take you. Come on.
Let's go. Come on.
Okay! Here you go.
Nyla, what are you doing
in my little baby chair?
- What's going on?
- She fainted.
- Oh, no. What?
- Yeah.
- Are you all right, Nyla?
- Yes. Yes, I'm fine.
You don't fever?
No, I just got up too fast.
Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah.
But you were standing.
Oh. Come on, now. You need to go home.
No. It's okay, you guys. I'm fine.
- Unh-unh. Nyla, go home.
- Come on.
I'll call Ella and I'll tell
her that you're on your way.
- Come on.
- Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
- You sure?
Yes, I'm fine. I'll be fine here.
I'll call Ryan and he'll
come and help me.
- Okay.
- Okay, Terrance, you take her home.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, uh, Ms. JoAnn?
- Yeah.
- My money?
A child could be dying and
you'd think about money.
Let me try to find it.
Smells like lilacs.
I'll take your word for it.
Here we go. Watch your step.
- You got it?
- Yes.
- You got it? You cool?
- I'm good.
- Just checkin', just checkin'.
All right.
Here you go.
Okay, okay...
I'm not dying.
No, I'm just trying to make
sure that you're all right.
- All right?
- I am, but I'm fine.
- Here.
- Ooh. Okay.
- Put your feet up.
- Okay, Terrance...
Thank you, but I'm here
now and it's okay.
- It's okay.
- You know what?
I'll get you some water.
- [WATER RUNNING]
- I don't need water.
Here you go.
Okay, thank you,
but I don't need water, okay?
Thank you. Thank you.
All right. Well, uh...
- Put your feet up.
- Oh.
Terrance...
Thank you, but I'm fine.
Okay? I'm fine.
Ms. Ella?
She's not here.
- She's not?
- Mnh-mnh.
I can't with you.
No, but seriously,
someone needs to stay here with you.
You don't need to do
that, really. I'm fine.
I am not about to leave you
here so you can faint again.
Then I'd feel terrible,
so I'm gonna stay here with
you until she comes back.
And I don't want to hear
another word about it.
Okay, Mr. Persistent.
Yeah, I am.
Wha... ch... Yep! Get your...
Viral!
It's crazy around here, man.
I just got this thing painted!
I just got it painted.
That ain't even locking right.
- _
- Here.
What's that for?
It's for you.
- What is it?
- It's a sign.
From God?
- No, it's for you.
- Okay.
You want me to go hang it up?
No.
I want you to go out on
the corner and spin it.
Make it happen.
Mr. C., I'm goin' spinnin'
myself. That's illegal.
- Huh?
- That's illegal.
No, it's not. Please.
Is prostitution legal?
It's not prostitution.
It's to bring some
business in here, man.
You ain't never seen the thang
where they're doin' flip...
where they're doin'
the flip, flip, flip?
Whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo,
whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo.
I don't want to do that.
All you got to do is spin the damn sign.
What if somebody see
me? I might go viral.
Well, go viral with this.
Wub wub!
See? See? That would embarrass me.
That's part of it, that's part of it.
But then you do that.
Then you do like that.
And then you hold then you wave.
And then you wave.
That's it. Simple.
- I'm not doing that.
- Yes, you are.
Yes, you will, and you will love it!
- Well, guess what?
- What?
They're not gonna recognize you anyway.
How do you figure that?
Stay right there.
Wah-ah!
Ah, ha, ha, ha!
Close your eyes.
'Cause you'll be wearing this.
Mr. C., I'm not wearing that.
Yeah, yeah, you will.
Heck no.
- Yes. You will.
- Mnh-mnh.
- No, I will not.
- Yes, you will.
I will not.
On my grave, I'm not wearing that.
Well, then you will not get paid.
You haven't paid me
since I've been here.
Well, then you will never, ever,
ever, ever, ever, ever get paid.
All right.
You're gonna do it?
- Yeah.
- Mm.
Try that on for size.
Don't get it dirty, don't get it dirty.
These are your gloves.
Take it in the back.
Go on, now!
Get!
I need you to leave.
Look, I'm sorry.
I-I didn't mean for that to happen.
Well, it did.
It's just that I was lookin' at you
- and I got caught up and...
- Stop.
- Just stop, okay?
- Okay, okay.
Can you just go?
Yeah, I'll go.
Oh. But what if you faint again?
I'm fine.
Oh. See that, girl?
- See that?
- Okay, okay.
Here.
Look, you need to go to the doctor.
Not too close.
I'm fine. I know my body.
Well, tell your body to stop fainting.
Terrance, I really
appreciate your concern,
- but I really need you to leave.
- Look, look, look.
Here's what I'll do.
I'll wait in the kitchen, all right?
I won't even be near you.
But someone has got to stay with you.
I'll call Kendrick.
- Is that right?
- Yes.
Okay.
[DIALING]
Hi, Kendrick.
What?
You're busy.
Yeah, I just need...
Hello?
[BEEPS]
He doesn't deserve you.
I thought you were in the kitchen.
Well, I was.
Then why are you listening?
You do know that kitchen
doesn't have any doors, right?
You do know there is a door that
leads you to the outside, right?
Okay.
You ain't got to be so nasty about it.
I'm not trying to be nasty,
I just don't think you should be here.
I mean, what is it...
Are you that attracted to me?
Psh. Boy, please.
Why do I keep doing that?
I don't know...
but can we do it again?
No. No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no. No. I have a boyfriend.
- You're right.
- Yes, I have a boy... right.
You have a... I know, I know.
- Yep, yep.
- I have a man...
- Uh, yeah, his n...
- I love.
Uh...
Kerwin?
- No.
- Kendall?
- Kelsey?
- Kendrick.
- Somethin' like that.
Yeah, yeah.
Come on out, come on out!
It don't take that long
to put on no washing machine!
It's beautiful.
And you got clothes in there, too.
[LAUGHING]
You look so stupid!
And it's so good!
I'm gonna lose all my followers.
Oh, please. At least they'll be clean.
You to understand,
this is so ridiculous.
- You said it looked good!
- Well, yeah.
Good and ridiculous.
Oh, yeah.
Put this here.
Now wash.
That's gonna work! It's gonna work!
You got cl... Are you flipping me off?
I'm trying.
This is silly!
You look good.
I can't believe this. I
need to get the camera.
I need my phone.
[LAUGHING]
Don't laugh at it, don't laugh
at it, don't laugh at it.
No, no, no, no, don't laugh at it.
Don't laugh at it, don't laugh at it.
He's sensitive.
Ah, man, your job sucks!
Watch your mouth.
What is he supposed to be?
Something that'd kill and destroy you!
[GROWLS]
[LAUGHS]
Watch your mouth.
I'm done!
Where are you going?
Baby, that's fast-washing.
He on the spin cycle. [LAUGHING]
Curtis, that's not funny.
He'll buzz when he's finished,
he'll buzz when he's finished.
Y'all, go sit and have
a seat over there.
Thank you.
- Hey, baby.
How are you?
Not doing too good.
And why not, baby?
This business ain't makin' no money.
Oh, Curtis. Give it time.
- It will.
- I'm trying, baby.
- I'm trying.
- Give it time.
I'm trying, Ella.
- Okay.
- Why are they here?
Curtis, I picked them up from school.
Ella, why?
Because Nyla had to work.
This is the sign. This is
the sign for the thing.
Uh-huh, uh-huh. Well, listen baby.
I just stopped by
because I wanted to see
how everything was going,
how this was going,
and to see what you wanted for dinner.
"For better wash."
"For empty pockets."
Just trying to see how
long this lie's gonna go.
- What?
- 'Cause that is not why you came.
Well, you're right. Right.
We don't have no customers.
- I see.
- Right.
And you coming here ain't
gonna bring me any customers.
I know that, Curtis. You're right.
But I had to see.
Can you please get your
little bad-luck charms
and take them home?
Fine, Curtis.
What time will you be home?
I'm not leaving this spot
till we get a customer.
So, you're not ever
gonna come back home?
Okay.
- Come on, kids!
- That's too much.
- Say goodb...
- That is too much. Goodbye.
- Goodbye. Come on, kids.
- Hey, baby?
- Hmm?
- You ever stood on the corner
and spin it? Spin?
Come on, kids. Let's go.
Go, go, go, go, go. Faster, faster.
Bye, baby.
Yeah, babe.
His suit sucks.
I think it's nice!
- [LAUGHS]
- What are we doing?
- I don't know.
- This is wrong.
- Yes, I know.
- Completely.
- Really.
- I mean, you have a boyfriend.
I know.
Oh, is that why it feels so good?
I don't know. Can we see again?
No. No, no, no, no, no, no.
- No, no, no.
- Okay, good. Good.
This is worse. This is worse.
Yeah.
[GRUNTS]
[MOANS]
Okay, this is worse.
You're right, you're right.
- I should go home.
- Yeah.
- You should leave.
I should leave.
[GRUNTS]
[DOOR OPENS]
- Get your books then...
- Mama!
- [GASPS]
- What...
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org